Prepare crate changelog before releasing up to fs-crate (#1437)
awslabs/mountpoint-s3: mountpoint-s3-fs/CHANGELOG.md

Reviewer: I think we're missing an entry for this change :( The prefetcher errors changed: https://github.com/awslabs/mountpoint-s3/commit/172b4a14f53004bec00bca69110a88a895348b22#diff-af80163a1557e18133d96e774bb6a217659b3279b20d79c37be1a65252c87a1fR65

Maybe

```markdown
* `PrefetchReadError::GetRequestFailed` error variant has changed, and now contains an additional field `metadata`. ([#1411](https://github.com/awslabs/mountpoint-s3/pull/1411))
```

Author: I think the entry was under 'Breaking Changes' (and that might not have ebeen visible on GitHub since it's not a change introduced in this PR)

```
### Breaking changes

* Variants of the `GetObjectError` and `S3RequestError` enums now contain a `ClientErrorMetadata` field,
  which stores information from the S3 response. ([#1411](https://github.com/awslabs/mountpoint-s3/pull/1411))

```

Reviewer: Discussed offline, needed to be added to this crate too. (Resolved now!)

## Unreleased

## v0.3.0 (May 27, 2025)

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

* Added `error_logger` field to the `MountpointConfig` struct which may be used to specify the callback for logging errors returned by fuse operations. ([#1416](https://github.com/awslabs/mountpoint-s3/pull/1416))  
```

## Unreleased

## v0.3.0 (May 27, 2025)

> * Added `error_logger` field to the `MountpointConfig` struct which may be used to specify the callback for logging errors returned by fuse operations. ([#1416](https://github.com/awslabs/mountpoint-s3/pull/1416))  

Reviewer: Sorry, this is a bit nitpicky but we need to push changes to this PR anyway

Can we be clear that it's the method that we're exposing? The internals of the config struct are not visible. https://docs.rs/mountpoint-s3-fs/0.2.0/mountpoint_s3_fs/struct.MountpointConfig.html

```suggestion
* Added ability to configure an error logger which can be used to report errors returned by fuse operations. Use method `MountpointConfig::error_logger` to configure the callback. ([#1416](https://github.com/awslabs/mountpoint-s3/pull/1416))  
```

Author: Committed the suggestion, DCO should be fixed.
